YouTube today my new tutorial is on
black ops 2 is called a URI of course
now let's start right away
first thing is download is BitTorrent
6.3 to run the torrent and it will
download automatically here ok now when
it's done you just install it simple
installation and when it's done you just
make sure it works of course you can do
it with some others like views or
u-turned now daemon tools lite you can
download the last version you see again
it's pretty easy installation you
install it of course if you don't have
the p8 powers or other magic e so you
can use it to that then you know you'll
get a link you go download torrent C and
just run it of course I have someone
reversion I don't know where is it
really but I think it will work because
it's see me so file
ok now you will be asked okay I'll show
you it will be ax here just click OK and
here at your directory now if you don't
remember director you see here go
general you have here your direction
here it's a time that has passed now
you'll wait around this time and of
course I will try to find some other
links to color Yuri but black ops 2 like
this one you see this is your quality or
duty black ops 2 skid-row but that other
the other one that I have showed you now
it's a matter I'll try to find this one
ok now when it's 100% you just go stop
done now the next thing is instant
you run your demon toes daemon tools
Lite I'll give you the simple way to
mount an image the first one is that you
run it in the new get this one here
notice here it is
add the image and now find the colored
duty one
wait a second I don't think I have
enough space online to move something to
my other driver here we'll just get away
to the past okay it's taking too slow I
think yeah it's done okay let's get on
with it I need to find it eyes here
you'll get smiling them there it is I
think we we cannot run it now pick one
of your whatever and it will there okay
um run setup we're just all on my steps
okay pick your directory and the
installation is beginning it should be
about ten minutes over and and then I
will back when it's done
installation is finally done about 20
minutes and now you don't check this if
you don't have anyone of this to you
just go to finish right refreshed a few
times here is the icon now let's see if
he has crack I bet all of you know how
to crack a game but there is crack I
guess I'll be there is not so again we
have a problem there is own virus file a
virus well let's boot up again that
purse came up with Sleeping Dogs it's
not any big I mean I had on my computer
and my computer is going just fine and
practically great so you don't have to
worry about it and I don't think you can
play without it call a hurry so it's my
recommendation for you to paste it here
and the word one donating to a computer
of course your virus scan it and just
going to ignore it and well that's about
it thanks for watching subscribe rate
covering my Twitter account in the
description and I'll be back with more
videos next video is probably on hitman
absolution it's game that is giving out
on the 20th of November it's Tuesday and
then it's nice creating three on Monday
26th and then I will be sharing my new
story on the two games until then bye